The main character (whose name would be chosen by the player) wakes up in an unfamiliar environment.
He remembers nothing, is wearing armor that he cannot remove (thus he does not even know what his face looks like)
He is also missing his right arm.
Upon waking up, he decides to figure out what is going on.
The place he is in is very desolate, with no living plant life and the structures are primarily made of concrete.
There are many unnatural hostile creatures in the area, very few other people. 
The other people all have their faces covered by something and most will not speak.
Various semi-hidden notes scattered around will reveal some truth to the situation, mainly hinting the existence of the Nylev, a race of incredibly smart and dangerous beings that have something to do with the main character's situation.
In addition, they reveal that they are in a different dimension than the one Earth is in, and that there is an exit.
After the first few areas there will be a town that acts as a hub that accesses other levels.
The main character, to reclaim his memory and leave has to go to each area (which probably wouldnt be too long) to get keys(probably 3 or something) that unlock a door at the hub town which is believed to be an exit.
Keys will be protected by guardians which will act as bosses in the game, each with different mechanics in battle.
While searching for and finding the keys, the main character meets another person in their situation, who will speak to them, and has not given up all hope. They wear a different suit of armor and will occasionally assist and guide the player.
After receiving all keys,  the main character will travel through the door in the hub town along with the other person, and have to go through one last dungeon.
The boss at the end of this final dungeon will be very weak and not take long to kill, so as to confuse the player in a sense.
When the two enter the last room, there will be nothing there, and the other character will reveal that there was no exit.
It will turn out that the NPC was actually a monster that was going to trick the main character and kill him, then he is the final boss.
At the end of the fight though, the final boss will do something that will wipe the main character's memory, and throw him back to the first area.
The final boss would not be dead, but he would be wounded, and would make himself look like a human until he recovered, and tell main character about the exit, etc.
The end of the game is that the game would essentially loop.
...That is, if you don't do the secret ending

If you do a few specific events, and read information from notes, the main character can figure out that the door in the town is a dead end, and confront the (normal) final boss before he betrays him.
He learns that he is in an alternate dimension that was created by Melnick, a member of the Nylev, and that the only way to escape is to slay it.
In addition, it is revealed that the main character's memory loss was caused due to being in Melnick's dimension, and that every other person there had their memories lost as well.
After this, another final level must be traversed, with Melnick at the end as the true final boss. 
During the course of the fight, Melnick tells the player that they are part of a greater purpose that they cannot comprehend with their human mind and that they do not know what they are doing.
After Melnick's defeat, the dimension collapses, and a gate appears before the main character, which actually leads back to the real world. As he walks through the gate, the game ends, leaving the ending up for speculation or something
